play that led to the corner Richard
Alexander controlling the ball very well
indeed checks have find me ready clock
has been restarted not a great routine
this time that's the first time we've
known better nonsense of the corner now
checks can break here good pace about
this chug attack the circle not a very
well-placed pass chicks getting nothing
out of the umpire at all Gordon's wide
on this left-hand side here is Scott
Gordon hugging the touchline tyndall
no point of being then tried to slow the
tempo of this game and tell again
Master
check slippery hit less than five
minutes now on the clock burn a tech
their way through the England closing
the door actually Jackson loses out
lovely ball great save that was a
terrific save reaction save their from
James fair just as important as England
stalling another goal not seen much of
the action has James fair but he did
well that that's the mark of a quad a
goalkeeper when you've been a spectator
throughout when your call on into that
sort of action James fair we've sorted
poppy up in this part of the world the
d-side Ramblers now playing down the m6
at cannock winning his 30th cap ring
then tonight great save Gordon plays it
on
no chance therefore tyndall four minutes
left on the clock or there abouts
England remember were three goals too
good at the interval so they've beaten
their first-half tally with this
pulsating second-half activity checks
happy to takes a little place out of the
game the very first time in the gaming
they look as if they might be running it
at a little esteem we're immortal but
they weren't kirkham finds the energy
somehow to get the ball moving forward
he was bowled over there by Slovak play
allowed to go on
this is check check the check sideline
for Alexander gets stick on the board
couldn't control it though there again
which that goes England's favor Chuck's
have come close the last few minutes
though that's twice that James fair has
been involved in exciting goalmouth
action twice England goalkeeper has done
what was expected of him